README.md, before:

# Getting the Project Running:

This is a MERN based application. Make sure you have required dependencies installed.

## First start the Server

In the root directory of Project you can run:

### `cd server`
This will get us into the server directory. 

### `npm install`
This will install all the required dependencies and files required for this Project(Server) to run.

### `npm start`
This will start the **server**.\
You can verify its status by going to [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000).\
If everything is working fine then you should see this message:\
 *Express*\
 *Welcome to Express*

## Then start the Client

In the root directory of Project you can run:

### `cd client`
This will get us into the client directory. 

### `npm install`
This will install all the required dependencies and files required for this Project(Client) to run.

### `npm start`
This will start the **client**.\
It will automatically redirect you to the website.\
If it doesn't for some reason then you can also verify its status by going to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).\
If everything is working fine then you should see the **law-scholars** website running

Commit message:

Update: Details to change the branch"

README.md, after:

# Getting the Project Running:

This is a MERN based application. Make sure you have required dependencies installed.

## Change to develop branch
In the root directory of project write:
### `git checkout develop`

## First start the Server

In the root directory of Project you can run:

### `cd server`
This will get us into the server directory. 

### `npm install`
This will install all the required dependencies and files required for this Project(Server) to run.

### `npm start`
This will start the **server**.\
You can verify its status by going to [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000).\
If everything is working fine then you should see this message:\
 *Express*\
 *Welcome to Express*

## Then start the Client

In the root directory of Project you can run:

### `cd client`
This will get us into the client directory. 

### `npm install`
This will install all the required dependencies and files required for this Project(Client) to run.

### `npm start`
This will start the **client**.\
It will automatically redirect you to the website.\
If it doesn't for some reason then you can also verify its status by going to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).\
If everything is working fine then you should see the **law-scholars** website running
